talk dirty to me – It’s nice to see Alexa has a sense of humor
talk like Yoda – My favorite Alexa command, this is
I am your father – Nice one Luke
did you vote? – A very clever Star Wars reference
may the force be with you – And also with you
tell me a Star Wars joke – Comedy out of this world
more cowbell – Classic SNL skit for those not familiar
winter is coming – For the Game of Thrones fans out there
who is the mother of Dragons – Another one for Game of Thrones enthusiasts
beam me up Scotty – Trekkies are gonna love this one
set phasers to kill – Another fun Star Trek reference
I want the truth! – Jack Nicholson would be proud
who lives in a pineapple under the sea? – I thought it was Squidward
surely you can’t be serious – Yes! I love Airplane
what is a beer bong? – This girl knows her stuff
what is pi – I’d run out of breath too
what are you going to be for Halloween? – You’ll get a variety of funny answers to this one
is there a Santa Claus? – The big man even made it on the Echo
what do you want for Christmas? – Wow, that’s a long list
is the Easter Bunny real? – Great answer Alexa
is the Tooth Fairy real? – I’m guessing she sells the teeth
is the Leprechaun real? – Haha, this one is funny
what is the loneliest number? – Hehe
romeo, romeo wherefore art thou romeo? – Well written Bill
what is the best tablet? –  Well played Bezos and company
what is your favorite color? – Didn’t know that was a color Alexa
what is your quest? – Nice tip of the hat to Monty Python
define rock paper scissors lizard spock – Classic
Earl Grey. Hot. – Aww, bummer
do you wear a diaper? – I’m thinking Pampers or Huggies
what is the meaning of life? – Strange answer…
how many roads must a man walk down? – Nice tip of the hat to Dylan
how much is that doggie in the window? – One of my favorite Alexa answers
what does the Earth weigh? – Dang, that’s a heavy answer
what does a planet weigh? – Good random knowledge
when is the end of the world? – Geez, that’s depressing
make me a sandwich. – Haha
where do babies come from? – The stork…of course
where is waldo? – Too obvious Alexa
rock paper scissors – Yes, this will be used in my house
rock paper scissors lizard spock – Hilarious, one of my favorite answers
how is traffic?
do you think I’m pretty?
translate good morning to Spanish
translate hola to English
how do you say Good Morning in Polish?
how do you say Good Morning in Hindi?
what's my commute like?
what restaurants are nearby?
what are the hours for the grocery store?
is the pharmacy open?
what time is the movie, Rogue One playing?
70 factorial.
7 factorial.
49 factorial.
39 factorial.
what is 70 factorial.
how much is 20 factorial.
give me an Easter egg.
good morning.
tell me a joke.
beam me up.
set phasers to kill.
Alexa. Tea. Earl Grey. Hot.
my name is Inigo Montoya.
I want the truth.
party on, Wayne.
show me the money.
what's the first (or second) rule of Fight Club?
surely you can't be serious.
are you SkyNet?
party time!
open the pod bay doors.
when am I going to die?
what is your quest?
nice to see you, to see you...
don't mention the war.
this is a dead parrot.
what is your cunning plan?
previous  track.
stop.
next  track.
skip.
skip   track.
pause  stop  resume in
pause  stop  resume the music in
skip  next in
play the next  previous track in
pause  resume
what's playing in ?
turn it up  down in
louder  quieter in
set the volume to 3 (30%) in  [0-10 volume levels]
softer in
mute
unmute
